I was first contacted on 12 November 1953 by Mr. Levinion.
At that time were you familiar with the fact that Secretary Stevens had given certain instructions
or weapons to pass these four private chains?
Yes, sir, I was.
I was completely informed by General Ryan of Secretary Stevens' power.
The work was for Secretary Stevens' first contact with a member of the McCarthy Committee.
Mr. Levinion called me and introduced himself on the phone.
I had never met Mr. Levinion and he explained the circumstances about a tax.
They'd like to get a tax of private chains for the weekend of 15, 14 and 15 November
for the purpose of private chain performing subcommittee business working at the 25th.
And in 2016, when the first call, did you receive many or few calls from members of the McCarthy Committee
which reference to message the private chain?
I see very many calls.
Can you tell us how many calls you will receive which reference to private chains?
With reference to private chains, as well as the best of my memory and records,
I would say that there are an excess of 25 calls with reference to private chains.
To whom did you talk on the committee?
I spoke with Mr. Cone, Mr. Levinion, Mr. Anastas, Mr. Giuliano, and some of the Secretary and Senator McCarthy's office.
In all of those calls, take its work directly to the confirmation of security,
passes or absence, there's no report for private chains.
Well, no sir, that's not exactly correct.
Some of them were called for information regarding private chain status at 4th day.
Some of them were complained about private chain, what was happening at the private chain.
You are of course of your beauty there as aid to the commanding general.
Have you ever received calls in your capacity as an aid to the general with reference to a cleaning passage
or any type of commutual treatment for a private or a chaine?
Yes sir, once in a while in my capacity as aid to commanding general,
I get a mother of one of the training done at home, and she's interested in seeing that justice is done as far as her voice concerned.
She wants to either get home over a weekend when her other son was been in Korea for say a year or a year or a year for a year,
wants to get them both home at the same time, and several calls like that may ensue back and forth.
We also get calls from mothers who tell me all about the qualifications of their boy.
They say my boy wants to call it, and he has a degree, and he's a fine boy, and we'd like very much to have him put in the engineering field.
It has a very professional field, and I take all that information down and I say,
we'll let you know what we can do.
These calls, if you'd get referred to the day fee, isolated calls,
yes sir, I would say there would be isolated, there would be most instances of no degree of persistency on the part of the mother or father.
They would let me know what they want us, and that would be about it.
That would follow up to a great degree.
And any of the calls from any members of the McCarthy Committee staff was any abusive or angrily used or implied by any member of the McCarthy Committee directly to a view,
and it's told to us that who was on the other end of the land and the date and circumstances of the call.
The abusive language is very loose of terms.
As far as I can recall, there were no swear words used in my conversations with any of the members of the subcommittee staff.
Several times Mr. Cohen got extremely angry at what was going on.
As far as Dix, he didn't think things were being handled properly, and he let me know in no uncertain terms.
Now would you say there's clearly as he can with him, to a very big, destroyed premise of Cohen?
When you say he let you know in no uncertain terms that he was on the topic with the situation that four dates.
And one occasion he said that the army was reneging on our agreement.
He as General Ryan related on the 9th of January, he talked about choosing officers at four dates.
Okay.
Here, let's make that work.
You, by Mr. Cohen and me and the officers, switching the further.
Now relate to Houston on the 9th of January.
And approximately four o'clock, 430 in the afternoon of 9th January, I returned to my quarters.
And my wife told me that I had a phone call from Mr. Cohen in New York City, and what I please call him back.
I call Mr. Cohen back, and we got into a discussion, which later turned into an argument about private-chime being on K.P. on 10th January.
We discussed the various of the terminology used in the agreement that we had.
I told Mr. Cohen that the decision to put private-chime on K.P. had been made by the regimental commander.
And that the division commander, General Ryan, was completely cognizant of that fact.
I told Mr. Cohen that we considered K.P. part of the private-chime training.
And as far as we were concerned, he was not going to get off K.P. on 10th January.
Persuaded to that, Mr. Cohen didn't agree with me, by the way.
Persuaded to that, he said that some people in 46 had been very cooperative.
But that's General Wingo and Lieutenant Miller had made things especially difficult for private-chime.
And that he, Mr. Cohen, had a very long memory and was never going to get their names.
And that's why he was so close to being named the President of the North Bill North.
That's right.
General Earl El Rea, several ING, L-E-R.
Thank you.
Yeah, was that the only attention in which Mr. Cohen expressed his satisfaction with the way things were going from Mr. Prof. Chen?
No, sir.
On the 16th of December, Mr. Cohen arrived that 46 came to my office to meet private-chime.
And at that time, that was stopped until the time when General Ryan told private-chime that there will be no more weeknight passes.
And from that time on, the members of the committee, if they wish to confer with private-chime,
would have to come to Fort Dick to confer with him.
And following that on several occasions, members of the committee staff did come to Fort Dick.
And subsequent, prior to the 16th of December, they came on the 14th, the 15th, and Cohen came on the 16th.
And it's Cohen said to me at that time that he was an angry or anything. He just said to me and he complained that coming down here to Fort Dick's all the time,
was killing me and the members of the staff, because I can't do it all the time, and it's just physically killing me.
That was on one occasion that he complained.
And another occasion that he complained was on Fort January, when he called me at my office.
And he wanted to know why private-chime was being investigated.
And I told him that private-chime was being...
Yes, sir, it was.
You were here.
He wanted to know why private-chime was being investigated.
And his opinion there was that no investigation was warranted.
And I said that the investigation, again, I told him that the investigation was conducted by the regimental commander.
And that the general Ryan knew about it, and that the private-chime would be interrogated in the normal force of an investigation.
That was the other time he came away.
Have you related all of the conversation you had with Mr. Coleman concerning the particular safety that I mentioned?
In the fires I can recall, yes, sir.
Lieutenant, are you familiar with the two charts that have already been introduced as excited to the testimony of General Ryan?
Yes, sir, I am. I'm more familiar with this chart.
Now you're holding up the chart labeled private-chime.
Yes, sir.
I'm not familiar with this chart. Then I am with this chart.
I do not find the last chart.
This chart is entitled to authorize absences of an average training undergoing training cycle a lot of time to complete a 47th Infraredment for Techno-Jeris.
And direct yourself to the first chart that is the one labeled private-chime.
And tell me if you are familiar with the facts reflected on the chart?
Yes, sir. I'm familiar with the facts in that chart.
Now is that chart an active, authentic reflection of what it supports your representative?
Yes, sir.
And you know that of your own personal knowledge?
Most of it is of my own personal knowledge.
There are several things I have yet, but I don't know of my own personal knowledge.
One is the temporary duty in New York. I was told that he had temporary duty in New York.
And that's also the China inducted on the third number. I was told I wasn't actually present.
I left for the period prior to the arrival of the pediatrician.
Now look at the other chart. The second chart that you held up.
And I'll ask you if you are familiar with the facts contained on that chart?
I am familiar with it in the sense that I know the procedures that we follow as far as the average trainee is concerned.
I know about the average number of passes that he was, that the average trainee would receive.
Is that an active, truthful, reflection of what an average trainee receives in a way of passes that forth gets?
Yes, sir. As far as I know, yes, sir.
Do you know why the dates in which private China was all for pass was marked in black and by the dates in which an average trainee was on pass was not marked in black?
No, sir. I do not. You had nothing to do with the preparation, the physical preparation of the chart.
Sir, I've been giving you the problem on the information.
If you want to get the physical preparation, so we're cancel with reference to the preparation of these charts.
Only if you provide the information to turn on the charts.
Is there anything in your guess on it or you're just leading with reference to either these charts, the terms?
I don't think so, sir.
Sir, I have no questions. I'm in the car. I'm absolutely going to pick the list and direct.
The literary blog, I mean, it just actually is. How far did it from the 40s to the York City by far?
I would say approximately 80 miles from 80 miles.
Yes, sir.
And what about air service from the flyer airport base, which I understand is next to 40s?
Yes.
Are there commercial planes that fly in there? No, sir. That's correct.
I know. All Army transportation. Yes, sir.
Where is the closest airfield for commercial planes?
To the doctor.
And how long would it be by car down the Philadelphia?
Approximately an hour and 25 minutes, sir.
Well, the armistice post-NN of the York City. Yes, sir.
Well, the only reason for the question here is that if staff members of the committee just go up to New York,
whether it was convenience for them to drop off from armor to then go on their journey,
whether these were special trips that were made from Washington up or from New York down the 40s.
I just assume, of course, that this may have been a convenience in a mediary place
that they could catch in the stride and then go on in New York to come back to Washington either way.
I don't know, sir.
I see.
Mr. Chairman, could I interrupt with an inquiry about a weapon?
Mr. Jenkins informed me last night that he wanted Colonel Ballu available.
I was informed this morning that he was somewhat ill,
but that he probably could come, Mr. Jenkins.
It's given about an hour's notice.
I mention it as we open this morning.
If you desire Colonel Ballu at any time within the next two or three hours,
I would appreciate knowing if they can be telephones.
The consular size is a chair that we probably would be getting to Colonel Ballu around three o'clock.
I will see that he telephones to now.
30,000 meters of traction before it, and I'll see you in a little while.
Sure.
It's one of the most interesting connections of Lieutenant Nador.
I'll let us return to our studio at the Culls.
The Culls are in committee, but our station has a telegram product.
So I'll contact you if you'll return.
This is ABC Television Network.
Mr. Nassus, Mr. Giuliano.
Mr. Lavinia.
And members of the Office staff.
I'll contact the Senator McCompton.
Well, all of those calls friendly, whether any, any angry words you've...
No, sir, other than Mr. Cohn, most of them are very...
And in case Mr. Cohn had only on his incident of January 9th.
Yes, sir.
Was there any other time?
The Fourth of January, sure, when he complained, but he didn't get quite as excited
and the Fourth of January 9th.
That's all.
Friend of Potter.
I have no choice.
But...
Senator Simon.
The Third one, you join the Army.
I join the Army in June 15th, 1950, sir.
What service?
Infantry, sir.
How long have you been into?
In 1950?
Yes, sir.
I've been in four years.
You service in Korea?
Yes, sir.
16 months in Korea.
Yes, sir, I am.
Any children?
Yes, sir.
Two little girls.
Fine.
I see you got a purple heart.
Where are these wounded?
On Baldy, sir.
Are you looking like a worthy...
A worthy gentleman?
Thank you, sir.
No further questions.
Thank you.
Can I join you?
Yes, sir.
You're welcome.
Do you have any questions?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Well, sir, we have been cleared.
We're going to the Federal Department.
Okay.
Okay, sir.
We'll have to go back to the Federal Department.
Okay.
I think that's something...
It's exceptionally good in combat.
I don't think anyone can...
Even remotely can't enter your reflections upon your record as a...
So, sir, if we had men like...
You and men like General Ryan...
Working with us in this exposure of combat, I'm sure wouldn't be...
...right up here today, however we are.
You made one statement for Tom,
but you're not going to be able to...
You made one statement for Tom, but I...
...just wonder if he wants to have a stand, however.
You said yourself there was nothing...
...this ought to be the bottom of the chart.
I don't think you should be called upon to have come that.
I don't think you're an authority, but you have.
Now, we finally have the term unprepared to check.
As a little woman, we don't know a fool,
but we will know about it, after you know.
But they put the left in front of the television screen here for a couple of hours.
From Dave Shines off for a weekend, it was bookmarked out in black.
Another pilot has offered a pure fight.
Now, I'm sure you and I will agree that the television audience...
...looking at things in charge, one pure fight...
...representing the average...
...vacates.
And the other one all blacked in representing Shines, but assume that...
...there was some significance to the blacking out.
I believe that you and I just can tell when I'll see what a grade it is.
From time ago, we came to office blacked out...
...and another grad chief at a week ago, I came to office...
...and blacked out here.
That's all this being tried before an audience, the jury, I should say, is quite a few million people.
So all I can give you is my own opinion.
And in my opinion, the reason that it was done...
...was just for a comparison.
The first is just like in a prize fight on television...
...one of the fighters were in stock trunk...
...and one of the fighters were in like trunk.
That's the only reason that I can say that.
Good job.
Thank you. Thank you.
Please, why are you always the right to those immediately the general?
Thank you, Senator.
Any further questions?
No, I'm not sure.
Very, very seriously with no...
This is a pretty important matter.
Now I don't think it's possible to be started.
I thought it was a waste of time, but now the winner has got to...
...tremely quickly...
...factually if we can.
And we put a chart up here with...
...the things all blacked out...
...and we can supply a sinus in turn.
We put them...
...the fighters.
We put them in completely white...
...and we blacked it out, too.
Completely white in supply, blacked out, too, too, too.
Don't you think that the millions of American people who are...
...looking at this the way of television...
...can't help but think there's something significant about those black...
...paches in the chart.
Don't you agree with me? This was done in proper place...
...by some covered little lawyer, I don't know who...
...at certain ovens you're well.
To receive the public.
You know that's the obvious answer of them.
I wasn't asking this question, I don't think you should be...
...answered it except you didn't pass upon them before.
So I thought it was correct as far as I know.
I can't say what it was done to the thesis of public enough.
Well, with all you can say is that technically it's correct...
...and with all you know the information is correct.
That's correct.
But as far as the designs of putting black marks on one...
...light lines on the other, a match you wouldn't propose.
I have no share of it, I'm afraid I can't.
Now, just one further question with an...
...on this January camp...
...or the day when I was in the police...
...some of the places you had a Mr. Cone.
Then, on the day when we thanked the Mr. Cone...
...with being kept on the base on January camp...
...and that Mr. Cone had informed you...
...that he had been notified.
The Mr. Cone would be available for many work...
...about a range of investigators present in New York.
In fact, had a range of secretaries there...
...take down some of the material...
...the results of the previous interrogations of Cheyenne...
...and he was irritated not because Cheyenne had to watch dishes...
...for Queen of Stole.
But he was irritated because he had made all these previous arrangements...
...it was an important investigation.
Others were to be threatened...
...and he couldn't understand why at the last minute...
...that particular day should be picked for K.T....
...that you should give Cheyenne the job of watching dishes some other day.
The announcement wasn't that pretty much the conversation.
So, I should say this...
...that it's Cheyenne knew about it on Monday morning.
Now, the Monday before...
...which was the...
...new about it on the Fourth of January...
...that wasn't the last minute.
Mr. Cone waited until the last minute to call me...
...and if Mr. Cone was irritated because he had all these secretaries...
...and witnesses until both lined up...
...he thought he didn't express that idea to me.
Well, this doesn't mean that he had made arrangements.
For Dave's time to come back...
...he understood he was coming back that weekend...
...that he was coming back to the purpose...
...of putting in the right.
Some of the information he had in regard to...
...the radar library at the Fourth of March...
...that he knew it didn't pull that...
...and that if you want to put Cheyenne and K.P. Doofy...
...put him on some other day if he could...
...because he felt guilty that day.
Fourth of March the conversation.
No, Mr. Cone, on that particular day...
...never mentioned how many were.
He did say that he would...
...what we wanted to do was private Cheyenne from Monday to Friday...
...with the O.K. as far as he was concerned.
But he didn't say why private Cheyenne had the full K.P. on his front.
Well, that was because we had made arrangements.
I don't know.
Well, now you've heard how it goes.
I'm not saying that it's put in a basket.
You've heard, you know, that...
...Conscion lamps...
...use right in the middle of a investigation...
...which was terminated in filtration of the radar library.
You know that I assume that we refuse...
...to have him on a time to temporary duty with our committee?
We suggested the goal...
...underway as usual training scheduled...
...but that he'd be available on weekend...
...and that...
...cone this day.
I don't care what's due to Monday to Friday...
...for him on all the K.P. you want.
But let us let him come back and finish his work...
...for the committee over the weekend.
There's not a sense for the...
I say again that on that particular point...
...insofar as I can recall Mr. Cone says nothing about the committee...
...that's just one of one's brothers, one of two brother's brothers.
I have here a number of news reports...
...and I know that sometimes they aren't completely accurate.
So I don't want to tie it down to the internet.
But news reports to the effect that...
...baseball employers at court takes...
...Mr. usual training.
Mr. Cone, P. Judy.
I miss about everything else, I'm going to play a baseball.
I don't have any particular coil...
...that I'm quite a baseball fan myself.
But I just wonder if you and I wouldn't agree...
...that if a baseball player...
...can you know...
...to play a baseball, get off of his actual training.
Big news, traders...
...coming at the much more important...
...and certainly is not unreasonable...
...to have a private...
...have his free time...
...is weakened to work on this big amount of time.
That's only correct, sir.
Nothing further, thank you very much, but...
...I may say again that the men in uniform...
...certainly make a much better appearance on the stand...
...on the Army's division.
Mr. Cone, please.
Mr. Cone, can I introduce you to Mr. Cone?
Who's that advanced...
...excuse me, Mr. Cone?
Just one other question or two.
I've been rather interested in the exploration...
...of the use of certain hundreds of language...
...to indicate the flame of mine of the person who's talking.
Of course, in the Army, you're not on the custom...
...to aggressive and vigorous language, are you?
No, sir.
And...
And a general question once said to me in France...
...he wouldn't give a hoose for a soldier who didn't drive...
...so that...
...griving is something of a phenomenon today, wouldn't you say?
I would say that most soldiers drive at one time or another, yeah.
So that Mr. Cone did use what seemed like aggressive and...
...expulsive language...
...it didn't fall on the customary.
No, sir, I say that was true.
Then I was very much interested in your remarks...
...to being a just a mother's boxing fan.
You liked them these two...
...a charge to the prize ring where one wears blackknowns...
...and the other wears whiteknowns...
...in order to make the concept.
Yes, sir. That would be my opinion of those two shots.
Thank you.
Any other questions?
The senator dismissed. Thank you very much.
We will stand and recess until two laps this afternoon.